[docs] remove all mentions of generic worfklow (#13565)
expo/expo: docs/pages/build-reference/apk.md

### Managed projects

> By default EAS Build will produce Android App Bundle, you can change it by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, EAS Build produces Android App Bundle, you can change it by:
```

- setting `buildType` to `apk` or `development-client`

> - setting `gradleCommand` to `:app:assembleRelease`, `:app:assembleDebug` or any other gradle command that will produce APK

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- setting `gradleCommand` to `:app:assembleRelease`, `:app:assembleDebug` or any other gradle command that produces APK
```

```json
{
  "builds": {
    "android": {
      "release": {},
      "preview": {

>         "workflow": "managed",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

        "buildType": "apk"
      },
      "preview2": {

>         "workflow": "managed",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
